Hi, girls, today I came to record an appetite.
box that arrived in May arrived only
Today I thought it took forever to
arrive because today is 25 and usually
arrives there on the 12th, 13th and comes by the pac
did not come by total express ' like vineyard
Before, I do not know what happened.
they changed the carrier and it came
so rosinha
I found it very cute, very beautiful.
there I opened a talc of that line
here is the tone r baby tested
dermatologically and 200 grams
came the 200ml liquid soap with
milk protein is I already felt the stage
is to fill the bowl until it rains here
good soap and half sealed
I think it's because of the will not open
do not go it is already very fragrant too
A pack of stories descended from me
same line
here he is 20 by 13 and has annoying
cotton with aloe vera
I 'll test later and I 'll tell you
You better what I found rock
news sent swab again
I do not know why they insist on
send content
art played this here which is a
pacifier entrepreneur again I am
extremely disappointed with the box
because this our here for me is nothing
I do not use it here, my daughter does not
pacifier that you do not even want to
Yes, it's for me, I'll have to give
They sent this one, which is a skirt.
here I said I do not know
I do not know if it's for children from
three years or up to three years of age
there is art cooking here and not finished
it was not right or right not to
say another word in that which is one in
mineral base marks I only know that neither for
save the fee that some things
To be a friend, this is a factor.
sun protection 15
This is from a card yes but he
it's all in english
some parts that are in Spanish sees
the brush a thumbnail of a brush and
sic
and this here is the basis
she is in that middle coac too
I do not know if it's good, not because I
not then know my
final considerations about this box
I already told you I'm sorry
sincerely have done this
because they are products that come
repeatedly the same things
Do you guys see the previous videos?
You'll know what I'm talking about.
are repeat products and that's it
Girls I got quite an appetite box
now I can not say the same thing to the
stadium screaming and today I 'm going to get the
A kiss for you is near